docs(android): Document Gradle 8.14.2+ requirement for Sentry Android Gradle Plugin 6.x (#17620)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/android/migration/gradle-plugin-v5-to-v6.mdx

---
title: Migrate from sentry-android-gradle-plugin 5.x to 6.0.0
sidebar_order: 8885
description: "Learn about migrating from Sentry Android Gradle Plugin 5.x to 6.0.0."
---

## Build Tooling Requirements

`io.sentry.android.gradle` `6.0.0` updates the minimum supported build tooling. Before upgrading, make sure your project meets all of the following:

- **Gradle**: `8.14.2` or later. The plugin is built against Gradle `8.14.2` and requires that version (or later) at runtime. Older Gradle versions (including `8.10.x`) will fail at Gradle configuration with `java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: 'org.gradle.api.tasks.Exec org.gradle.api.tasks.Exec.setIgnoreExitValue(boolean)'`. See the [Android troubleshooting guide](/platforms/android/troubleshooting/#nosuchmethoderror-during-gradle-configuration-with-sentry-android-gradle-plugin-6x) for the underlying cause.
- **Android Gradle Plugin**: `7.4.0` or later. To stay on AGP `7.3.X` or below, keep using `io.sentry.android.gradle:5.12.x`.
- **Kotlin**: language version `1.8` or later.

> To update your Gradle wrapper, from your Android project root run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update your Gradle wrapper, run this in your Android project root:
```
